Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Eat a banana without using your hands.
Twerk for a minute.
Eat a raw onion.
Keep three ice cubes in your mouth until they melt.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind.
Empty out your wallet/purse and show what’s inside.
Show the last five people you texted and what the messages said.
Try to put your whole fist in your mouth.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Put 10 different available liquids into a cup and drink it.
Do your best impression of a baby being born.
Try to lick your elbow.
Try to drink a glass of water while standing on your hands.
Put as many snacks into your mouth at once as you can.
Tell an embarrassing story about yourself.
Post the oldest selfie on your phone on Instagram Stories.
Do four cartwheels in a row.
Belly dance like your life depended on it.
Curse like a sailor for 20 seconds straight.
Howl like a wolf.
Dance without music for one minute.
Pole dance with an imaginary pole.
Let someone else tickle you and try not to laugh.
Talk in an accent for the rest of the day.
Attempt to do a magic trick.
Eat five tablespoons of a condiment.
Attempt to breakdance for one minute.
Do the worm.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Break two eggs on your head.
Attempt to walk on your hands for as far as you can.
Imitate a celebrity every time you talk.
Try to juggle 2 or 3 items of your choosing.
Gargle something that shouldn’t be gargled, but won’t hurt you.
Get slapped on the face by the person of your choosing.
Post an extremely unflattering picture of yourself to the social media outlet of your choosing.
Open a bag of snacks or candy using only your mouth, no hands or feet.
Eat one teaspoon of the spiciest thing you have in the kitchen.
Drop something in the toilet and then reach in to get it.
Depict a human life through interpretive dance.
Write something embarrassing somewhere on your body (that can be hidden with clothing) with a permanent marker.
Stick your arm into the trash can past your elbow.
Lick the floor.
Give someone your phone and let them send one text to anyone in your contacts.
Do pushups until you can’t do any more, wait 5 seconds, and then do one more.